now all the people gathered together as
now all the people gathered together as one man in the open square that was in
one man in the open square that was in
one man in the open square that was in front of the Watergate and they told
front of the Watergate and they told
front of the Watergate and they told Ezra the scribe to bring the book of the
Ezra the scribe to bring the book of the
Ezra the scribe to bring the book of the law of Moses which the Lord had
law of Moses which the Lord had
law of Moses which the Lord had commanded Israel so Ezra the priest
commanded Israel so Ezra the priest
commanded Israel so Ezra the priest brought the law before the Assembly of
brought the law before the Assembly of
brought the law before the Assembly of men and women and all who could hear
men and women and all who could hear
men and women and all who could hear with understanding on the first day of
with understanding on the first day of
with understanding on the first day of the seventh month then he read from it
the seventh month then he read from it
the seventh month then he read from it in the open square that was in front of
in the open square that was in front of
in the open square that was in front of the water gate from morning until midday
the water gate from morning until midday
the water gate from morning until midday before the men and women and those who
before the men and women and those who
before the men and women and those who could understand and the ears of all the
could understand and the ears of all the
could understand and the ears of all the people were attentive to the book of the
people were attentive to the book of the
people were attentive to the book of the law so Ezra the scribe stood on a
law so Ezra the scribe stood on a
law so Ezra the scribe stood on a platform of Ward which they had made for
platform of Ward which they had made for
platform of Ward which they had made for the purpose and beside him at his right
the purpose and beside him at his right
the purpose and beside him at his right hand stood Mattia Shima nao Uriah Hill
hand stood Mattia Shima nao Uriah Hill
hand stood Mattia Shima nao Uriah Hill kaya and may asiye and at his left hand
kaya and may asiye and at his left hand
kaya and may asiye and at his left hand padilla michelle malkin Heysham ash
padilla michelle malkin Heysham ash
padilla michelle malkin Heysham ash Medina Zechariah and Miss Sholem and
Medina Zechariah and Miss Sholem and
Medina Zechariah and Miss Sholem and Ezra opened the book in the sight of all
Ezra opened the book in the sight of all
Ezra opened the book in the sight of all the people for he was standing above all
the people for he was standing above all
the people for he was standing above all the people and when he opened it all the
the people and when he opened it all the
the people and when he opened it all the people stood up
people stood up
people stood up and Ezra blessed the Lord the Great God
and Ezra blessed the Lord the Great God
and Ezra blessed the Lord the Great God then all the people answered while
then all the people answered while
then all the people answered while lifting up their hands and they bowed
lifting up their hands and they bowed
lifting up their hands and they bowed their heads and worshiped the Lord with
their heads and worshiped the Lord with
their heads and worshiped the Lord with his faces to the ground also Jeshua
his faces to the ground also Jeshua
his faces to the ground also Jeshua bainite share abaya Jamin Akkad shabath
bainite share abaya Jamin Akkad shabath
bainite share abaya Jamin Akkad shabath i ho taiga may Asiya Kaleta Azariah
i ho taiga may Asiya Kaleta Azariah
i ho taiga may Asiya Kaleta Azariah Chadha bad hainan pelea and the Levites
Chadha bad hainan pelea and the Levites
Chadha bad hainan pelea and the Levites helped the people to understand the law
helped the people to understand the law
helped the people to understand the law and the people stood in their place
and the people stood in their place
and the people stood in their place so they read distinctly from the book in
so they read distinctly from the book in
so they read distinctly from the book in the law of God and they gave the sense
the law of God and they gave the sense
the law of God and they gave the sense and helped them to understand the
and helped them to understand the
and helped them to understand the reading and Nehemiah who was the
reading and Nehemiah who was the
reading and Nehemiah who was the governor
governor
governor Ezra the priest inscribed and the
Ezra the priest inscribed and the
Ezra the priest inscribed and the Levites who taught the people said to
Levites who taught the people said to
Levites who taught the people said to all the people this day is holy to the
all the people this day is holy to the
all the people this day is holy to the Lord your God do not mourn no we
Lord your God do not mourn no we
Lord your God do not mourn no we for all the people wept when they heard
for all the people wept when they heard
for all the people wept when they heard the words of the law go your way
the words of the law go your way
the words of the law go your way eat the fat drink the sweet and send
eat the fat drink the sweet and send
eat the fat drink the sweet and send portions to those for whom nothing is
portions to those for whom nothing is
portions to those for whom nothing is prepared for this day is holy to our
prepared for this day is holy to our
prepared for this day is holy to our Lord do not sorrow for the joy of the
Lord do not sorrow for the joy of the
Lord do not sorrow for the joy of the Lord is your strength
Lord is your strength
Lord is your strength so the Levites quieted all the people be
so the Levites quieted all the people be
so the Levites quieted all the people be still for the day is holy
still for the day is holy
still for the day is holy do not be grieved and all the people
do not be grieved and all the people
do not be grieved and all the people went their way to eat and drink to send
went their way to eat and drink to send
went their way to eat and drink to send portions and rejoice greatly because
portions and rejoice greatly because
portions and rejoice greatly because they understood the words that were
they understood the words that were
they understood the words that were declared to them now on the second day
declared to them now on the second day
declared to them now on the second day the heads of the father's houses of all
the heads of the father's houses of all
the heads of the father's houses of all the people with the priests and Levites
the people with the priests and Levites
the people with the priests and Levites were gathered to Ezra the scribe in
were gathered to Ezra the scribe in
were gathered to Ezra the scribe in order to understand the words of the law
order to understand the words of the law
order to understand the words of the law and they found written in the law which
and they found written in the law which
and they found written in the law which the Lord had commanded by Moses that the
the Lord had commanded by Moses that the
the Lord had commanded by Moses that the children of Israel should dwell in
children of Israel should dwell in
children of Israel should dwell in booths during the feast of the seventh
booths during the feast of the seventh
booths during the feast of the seventh month and that they should announce and
month and that they should announce and
month and that they should announce and proclaim in all their cities and in
proclaim in all their cities and in
proclaim in all their cities and in Jerusalem saying go out to the mountain
Jerusalem saying go out to the mountain
Jerusalem saying go out to the mountain and bring all of branches branches of
and bring all of branches branches of
and bring all of branches branches of oil trees myrtle branches palm branches
oil trees myrtle branches palm branches
oil trees myrtle branches palm branches and branches of leafy trees to make
and branches of leafy trees to make
and branches of leafy trees to make booths as it is written then the people
booths as it is written then the people
booths as it is written then the people went out and brought them and made
went out and brought them and made
went out and brought them and made themselves booths each one on the roof
themselves booths each one on the roof
themselves booths each one on the roof of his house or in their courtyards or
of his house or in their courtyards or
of his house or in their courtyards or the courts of the house of God and in
the courts of the house of God and in
the courts of the house of God and in the open square of the water gate and in
the open square of the water gate and in
the open square of the water gate and in the open square of the gate of Ephraim
the open square of the gate of Ephraim
the open square of the gate of Ephraim so the whole Assembly of those who had
so the whole Assembly of those who had
so the whole Assembly of those who had returned from the captivity made booths
returned from the captivity made booths
returned from the captivity made booths and sat under the booths for since the
and sat under the booths for since the
and sat under the booths for since the days of Joshua the son of nun until that
days of Joshua the son of nun until that
days of Joshua the son of nun until that day the children of Israel had not done
day the children of Israel had not done
day the children of Israel had not done so and there was a very great gladness
so and there was a very great gladness
so and there was a very great gladness also day by day from the first day until
also day by day from the first day until
also day by day from the first day until the last day he read from the book of
the last day he read from the book of
the last day he read from the book of the law of God
the law of God
the law of God and they kept the feast seven days and
and they kept the feast seven days and
and they kept the feast seven days and on the eighth day there was a sacred
on the eighth day there was a sacred
on the eighth day there was a sacred assembly according to the prescribed
assembly according to the prescribed
assembly according to the prescribed manner
manner
manner [Music]
[Music]
[Music] you